yeah yeah there it is just a phone
number a really hot girl gave me so big
deal I mean it is her home phone number
but
whoa what whoops almost lost this baby
yeah the lovely Amanda gives me her
number and I go and drop it get ready
for a funny English lesson with friends
that will help you to understand some
American English insults and more and if
you're new here every single week we
make fun lessons just like this one so
that you can understand fast speaking
natives without getting lost without
missing the jokes and without subtitles
Alexis said she's getting everything she
needs as a non-native speaker of English
from our Channel
and you will too all I have to do is hit
the subscribe button and the button
below so you don't miss any of our new
lessons
it's it's tough being single that's why
I'm so glad I found Amanda Ross you guys
went out once you took your kids to
Chuck E Cheese and you didn't even kiss
her
I tell people secrets it makes them like
me so I'm going over to Amanda's tonight
Rachel's not here oh hi guys this is
josh josh these are my friends that's
Ross Josh hi dudes did you play in
college oh I still do next year hope to
make bars either did you play soccer in
high school oh no wait that's right you
just organized their game schedules on
your Commodore 64 the game so I'm gonna
head okay
I'll miss you cute would there be no is
he great so nice to finally be in a fun
relationship you know there's nothing
boring about him and betty's never even
set foot in a museum well maybe you'll
get to go soon you know like on a class
trip or something you know what else is
really great about him Oh what is the
word for an adult who doesn't have
dinosaur toys in their bedroom Monica
knows it's this dumb thing that Ross
made up she's trying to fool our parents
it's a way of giving the finger without
actually having to give it I remember I
cried the night you made that up
this is the first time I realized I was
cooler than my big brother
well I'm gonna go get ready for my date
tonight so I'll just hit super deal I
mean it is for a home phone number but
when you say something is a big deal you
indicate that it is important for
example for Joey finding an acting job
was a big deal however we usually say
this in the negative as it is no big
deal by this we mean something is not
important and oftentimes we also want to
let someone know that they shouldn't
worry about something Rachel Rachel yeah
it's not a big deal it's not a big deal
oh I'm sorry what about all the stuff
you you just said
Ross is referring to that piece of paper
as baby this is just an informal way to
refer to something as seen in these
examples
don't sweat it I got this section
covered yeah if I got this little baby
to shine in people's eyes okay see you
later guys take a look at this check
this baby out
dug me a hole
excellent hole Joe
instead of baby people sometimes say a
bad boy
especially although not necessarily when
it's something impressive like a sports
car for example well I saw the Porsche
parked out front can I get the keys
thought I'd take that bad boy out for a
little spin yeah it's it's tough being
single tough means difficult commonly
this is collocated before a noun as in a
tough job or hmm tough decision there
are also a few other ways we say this
like it's tough doing something example
it's tough raising twins another phrase
is to have a tough time doing something
now around this time uncle Marshall was
still having a tough time finding a job
he's out printing up a whole new batch
of resumes because he misspelled the
phrase detail-oriented hmm
if something is tough on you it causes
you problems I know this past week must
have been tough on you I barely slept we
also have an idiom when the going gets
tough
which means when things get difficult
seriously when the going gets tough you
don't want a criminal lawyer all right
you want a criminal lawyer or I'm saying
so I'm going over to Amanda's tonight
Rachel's not here Oh
what do you think he means by this
phrase he is
he could also say going to Amanda's and
the meaning would be the same
however we sometimes say over when we
talk about being or staying at someone's
house for example if you say we're
having some friends over for dinner
tonight you're saying that they're
coming as guests Josh dude dude is a
common word that's used to address a guy
or a man informally ok I got it
go over there and punch that dude right
in the face which dude that dude yeah no
way you'd kicked my ass note that in
this scene we're introduced to this
character who behaves and talks in a way
that's very different from the way the
other guys talk because of the way he
says dude you might think that this is a
word only younger people use it depends
on how you say it actually here we see
the guys say it in an immature way I
have nothing to do so tomorrow we are
partying weird and out dude
okay dude alert this is gonna be so cool
dude we never party anymore but here it
is used in a neutral way dude check this
up did you play in college oh I still do
next year hope to make varsity though in
the USA it is common for high schools
and universities to have their own
sports teams they usually will have
several teams for each sport the players
that are the most experienced and
skilled will be on the varsity team
excuse me yeah how did you all find each
other we're the Jersey State varsity
basketball team northeast regional
champs varsity refers to the team that
actually represents the school
competitively those that are less
experienced can still play on a school
team but will be on the junior varsity
team or another team that competes at a
lower level if you make varsity it means
that in the tryouts to join the school
team you were selected to join the
varsity team oh no wait that's right you
just organized their game schedules on
your Commodore 64
Rachel's way to attack Ross is by making
him look like the opposite of a cool guy
who plays sports she's saying he was not
like that but rather more of a nerd who
just used his computer the game so I'm
gonna head okay if you have got to get
somewhere it means that you have a
commitment at that place so you need to
be there example I've got to get to work
by 8:00 a.m. every morning or my boss
gets pissed - head is slang meaning that
you are going to leave can you guess
which of these other slang phrases mean
the same thing alternatively - the
expression I'm gonna head
we often say a head somewhere or ask the
question where are you headed - what
come in have a cup of tea no thanks I'm
gonna head home okay that's how this
utterance is pronounced with connected
speech I've got to get to the game turns
into I gotta get to the game if a native
speaker were to say this in careful
speech maybe they would say I've got to
instead of I got him so this utterance
not only changes from a frenzy ation
point of view but also grammatically
this part is key
gotta get we hear the schwa sound in all
these three structure words I gotta get
to the game the game okay
hey if you would to master how Americans
really speak then there's no better way
than with our fluent with friends course
in this forty eight week course you will
master American vocabulary pronunciation
cultural context and so much more
alongside the first two seasons of the
TV series friends and you get 20 plus
page PDF power lessons vocabulary
memorization software access to our
fluency circle global community and so
much more you can try for freedom right
now with our three-part master class so
what are you waiting for just click up
here or down the scription below to
learn more and sign up now I'll miss you
this is a slang word that means very
good awesome sounds like a sweet deal
it's pretty dope it's so nice to finally
be in a fun relationship you know
there's nothing boring about him and
betty's never even set foot in a museum
if you set foot in a place you go to it
I haven't set foot in a bar in years
well maybe you get to go soon you know
like on a class trip or something if you
get to do something you have the
opportunity to do it like in this
example in which Joey wants to be a best
man come on Ross I don't have any
brothers I'm never gonna get to be a
best man you can be the best man when I
get married I'm never gonna get to be a
best man
wait wait so you get to be my best man
twice and I don't get to be yours at all
mocking Rachel because of her
boyfriend's young age he says that Josh
could get to visit a museum for the
first time on a class trip a class trip
or a school trip is an occasional in
which students of a school are taken out
of the class and to a different location
with the purpose of learning by
experience a museum is a common
destination for school trips really
great about him you'll find the most
prominent aspects of connected speech
here and here commonly we'll say this as
what else you know what else yeah and
you know what else here we leave out the
H sound and this leaves us with about
them although you see a t here
people often pronounce it as a done so
worried about all together at normal
speed this is you know what else is
really great about him is really great
about him Monica knows it's this dumb
thing that Ross made up fool our parents
it's a way of giving the finger without
actually having to give it dumb means
stupid as in that's a dumb question it
can also be used to describe something
silly or childish like Ross's weird
gestures note that you don't need to try
to pronounce the B and dumb as it's
silent B is silent in all words that end
in M be like thumb numb bomb etc to give
the finger is the act of showing this
gesture can you guess what's another way
to say this
lastly Ross made up the gesture to fool
his parents as a verb to fool someone
means to trick someone into believing
something that is not true hey terrible
I messed up every line I shouldn't even
be an actor
wait a minute are you doing that thing
where you pretend it didn't go well but
it really did go well yeah did I fool
you
totally
[Music]
Ross isn't here
Oh
so I'll see you at the party you spear
man 24/7
I am so gonna marry that guy
so uh what I think he's stealing from me
why because he's stealing from me
hi it's me and soup hey I just saw Josh
look so yummy in your leather jacket
Hey so Amanda just just dropped me off
yeah it's one of the things I love about
her she's she's old enough to drive I
guess you're not going to mom and dad's
tonight huh I mean yeah I'm thinking you
could bring her and you guys could go up
to your old room and not make out at
least I know she's not going out with me
to get into r-rated movies why don't you
just marry her oh no wait a minute you
can't I'm sorry I forgot she's not a
lesbian Amanda and I have a you're not
even going out your babysitter girl's
job
[Music]
what are you laughing at this bike
egg-sucking boyfriend is stealing from
me he stole a couple bucks from me big
deal he bought me something with it
that's mine
would you both please start acting like
adults
give me my cough drops at least I made
10 bucks and my relationship so I'll see
you at the party
here's beer man 24/7 24/7 means at all
times always it's like saying all day
every day of the week look I am in the
halo battle of my life here there's this
kitten Copenhagen he has no immune
system so all he does is sit in his
bubble and play Halo 24seven so Ross and
Rachel really make the perfect pair and
you can continue learning with them in
this playlist after you finish this
lesson just give a click up here to find
that soup hey I just saw Josh look so
yummy in your leather jacket
we usually say a food looks yummy when
it appears to be delicious
Peevy is giving this word a sexual
connotation by saying that josh looks
yummy Amanda just just dropped me off to
leave someone or something at the
destination to which one has transported
that person or thing I wanted to let you
know that Dwight was like that morning
because he had to drive to New York to
drop off the quarterly tax forms that I
forgot to send hey can you drop me off
at the library sorry I'm meeting some
friends at that coffee shop on Lake you
mean the one next to the library that's
a library I thought it was a church for
a religion that didn't allow makeup it's
one of the things I love about her she's
she's old enough to drive this is a
phrase that's made up of an adjective
followed by enough to a plus a verb
it means that someone has the quality or
characteristic indicated by the
adjective and therefore is able to do
something listen Chandler the way I see
it is I was lucky enough to find someone
that I really loved look I am just not
strong enough to be in a codependent
relationship right now okay
oh shoot and you guys could go up to
your old room and not make out make out
means to kiss passionately anyway you
want to make out I thought because our
relationships in a beta test you wanted
to take things slow
okay you want to make out slow I can go
so slow it'll be like there's a snail in
your mouth
well lucky for you there's nothing else
to do right now you're not even going
out your babysitter a babysitter is
generally a young woman who looks after
a baby or child to Ross's misfortune his
deal with Amanda was all a
misunderstanding
as all she was expecting from him was
that he would look after her child I am
so glad that you could come over tonight
oh no no it's my pleasure okay well my
cell phone numbers right here on the
counter please help yourself to anything
in the fridge what I appreciate this so
much
I've been trying to go out with this guy
for like a month uh-oh I don't mean to
be square but I'd really appreciate if
you'd wait and drink your wine after the
kids are asleep come on you're making it
sound worse than it was our date tip me
$10
what are you laughing at this bike
egg-sucking boyfriend is stealing from
me Monica here has had it meaning she
won't tolerate Rachel and Ross's
immature fighting
she calls Rachel this this is something
we sometimes do when we want to tease or
mock someone we call them miss or mister
followed by a phrase let's look at some
examples I told you I have a video
conference with NASA I said don't bother
me mr. big shot astronaut ok mr. funny
of the year it's time for you to show
Manny that you're not a hypocrite
big deal I want me something with it
buck is an informal word for an American
dollar example those sneakers are 20
bucks I should get them
[Music]
yeah yeah there it is just a phone
number a really hot girl gave me so big
deal I mean it is her home phone number
but
whoa what whoops almost lost this baby
yeah the lovely Amanda gives me her
number and I go and drop it
[Music]
that's it's tough being single that's
why I'm so glad I found Amanda you guys
went out once you took your kids to
Chuck E Cheese and you didn't even kiss
her
I tell people's secrets
it makes them like me so I'm going over
to Amanda's tonight Rachel's not here oh
hi guys this is josh josh these are my
friends that's Ross Josh hi dudes did
you play in college oh I still do next
year I hope to make bar I see that did
you play soccer in high school oh no
wait that's right you just organized
their game schedules on your Commodore
64 the game so I'm gonna head okay
I'll miss you
cute what there be no is he great so
nice to finally be in a fun relationship
you know there's nothing boring about
him and Betty's never even set foot in a
museum well maybe you get to go soon you
know like on a class trip or something
[Music]
you know what else is really great about
him Oh what is the word for an adult who
doesn't have dinosaur toys in their
bedroom Monica knows it's this dumb
thing that Ross made up she's trying to
fool our parents it's a way of giving
the finger without actually having to
give it I remember I cried the night you
made that up
the first time I realized I was cooler
than my big brother well I'm gonna go
get ready for my date tonight so I'll
just head Ross isn't here
so I'll see you at the party beers fear
man 24/7
I am so gonna marry that guy
Oh what I think he's stealing from me
why because he's stealing from me
hi it's me and soup hey I just saw Josh
look so yummy in your leather jacket hey
Amanda just just dropped me off yeah
it's one of the things I love about her
she's she's old enough to drive I guess
you're not going to mom and dad's
tonight huh sorry drops I mean yeah I'm
thinking you could bring her and you
guys could go up to your old room and
not make out at least I know she's not
going out with me to get into r-rated
movies why don't you just marry her oh
no wait a minute you can I'm sorry I
forgot she's not a lesbian
Amanda and I have a buddy that's you're
not even going out your babysitter 12
your own girl's job
[Music]
what are you laughing at
this bike egg-sucking boyfriend is
stealing from me he stole a couple bucks
from me big deal he bought me something
with it that's mine would you both
please start acting like adults
give me my cough drops sorry at least I
made 10 bucks and my relationship
[Applause]
it wasn't that fun well don't stop now
you can continue your English learning
adventure with one of the lessons over
here and now it's time to go beyond the
classroom and live your English oh hi
yeah